Trailing whitespace encouraged (#92)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM: specification/gedcom.md

The exact encoding of non-pointer payloads is dependent on the datatype of the payload, as determined by the structure type.
The datatype of non-pointer payloads cannot be fully determined by line value content alone.

Because empty payloads and missing payloads are considered equivalent,
both a structure with no payload
and a structure with the empty string as its payload
may be encoded either
with an empty `LineVal` (i.e. with a space after the `Tag`)
or with no `LineVal` (i.e. without a space after the `Tag`).

> In both cases, it is recommended that the space be omitted.

Author: ```suggestion
It is recommended that a `LineVal` be included if and only if the structure has a `payload`.
```

:::example
The payload of a `MARR` structure has type `[Y|<NULL>]`, which is optional but cannot be the empty string.
The payload of a `EVEN` structure has type `Text`, and `Text` can be the empty string.
The no-payload "`1 MARR`" should be represented without a trailing space, although including a single trailing space is permitted.

> The empty-payload "`1 EVEN `" should be represented with a single trailing space, although omitting it is permitted.

Reviewer: This line appears to contradict line 325.  Either way, I don't prefer encouraging trailing whitespace.

Author: Oops! Trying to write both this and its other alternative (#93) at once, I appear to have used the wrong line 325.
